Good morning, family.
Thank you for joining us again today.
We have some things to pray about.
You see it all in the news.
The Lord warned me today and He said, 'Brandon, what you're seeing right now in the news, all that's going on—I told you all BlackRock was a bad and evil company.
I told you that there would be key people in the financial sector that will try to come against President Trump's agenda and what he's trying to do to make America great again.
' And we're seeing that as he tries to take steps forward, we're seeing them come against him with the stock market, with crypto, and with all these other things.
When he says, 'We're going to go this way,' they try to sink the stock market; they try to sink the financial stability of the dollar.
We're seeing what the Lord showed me come to pass right in front of our faces.
The Lord told me, 'Brandon, you must stand in the gap and pray as watchmen on the wall for President Trump, for the administration, for Elon Musk, and for the agenda of what he's trying to do,' because what he is doing is aligning with what the Lord is wanting to bring forth.
The wealth transfer is going to come out of this, and this is what's going to bring forth the end-time harvest.
It all goes like dominoes.
As we see them resist and come against him, it's the demonic entities.
We wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities, powers, and spiritual wickedness in high places.
We're wrestling against the demonic trying to stop the end-time wealth transfer and stop what God is going to do.
He's going to do it, but we're experiencing resistance because they've had their hand in the cookie jar for years through the Bush Administration, the Clinton Administration, and the Obama Administration—decade after decade.
We've seen a good forty years of them having their hand in the cookie jar.
It wasn't so much with the Reagan administration, but with the Carter one for sure.
It's amazing to see what the Lord has been talking to me about over the last twenty-four hours, saying, 'Brandon, this is what you're called to do.
We're going to pray over this administration so that they are able to do what God has called them to do, bringing forth the wealth transfer.
' The sky's not falling.
The stock market and crypto are tanking because they are trying to stir things up.
It's like an animal flapping its wings because it's upset; they don't want anyone touching what they have.
It's basically about the child pedophile and child trafficking rings.
President Trump is coming against this demonic stronghold of the banking cartel that has been in place with the Democratic Party.
He's saying we're not going to do this anymore and we're going down a different path.
As they try to come against that, they say, 'Let's cause the stock market to crash.
' When he deals with Justin Trudeau—whether he's been replaced or not, I've seen him being replaced with a new Prime Minister over Canada.
We see this new shift and a new direction.
The Lord showed me today, 'Brandon, this is what you're interceding for: the wealth transfer and this major harvest of souls about to take place.
' God is about to show up and show off in your life.
I'm telling you, ladies and gentlemen, it's time for you to believe Him for big things.
He said there is a display of the glory of the Lord that will be on our faces like we've never seen before.
When we enter an atmosphere, the manifested presence of God will be there.
We've seen the anointing before, but I'm talking about a tangible presence of the Lord on people in grocery stores, gas stations, and churches.
There will be a manifested presence on us even before the glory shows up.
It will be that level of being God-inside minded and filled with the Holy Spirit.
It will shine on our faces like it did for Moses.
Those who are all in will carry a presence of the Lord like never before.
He said, 'Brandon, I'm going to set the captives free.
I'm coming back for a church without spot or wrinkle.
' When this greater glory comes, you will see a burden-removing, yoke-destroying power.
You're going to see the demonic manifest because they haven't been challenged for a long time.
We're going to see it challenged with the glory of the Lord because it's truly God manifesting on us, shining on our faces.
When fire comes, it makes the evil manifest.
We're not walking in fear, but in authority.
The Lord told me, 'Brandon, you're going to see more devils manifest than ever before because so many people are walking around with demonic oppression.
' We're not going to tolerate it; we're going to take our dominion and cast these devils out.
The 'spot' is demonic oppression—people oppressed by depression, anxiety, fear, sexual perversion, alcohol, and lust.
The Lord said, 'I've come to set the captives free.
' He whom the Son has set free is free indeed.
People will walk in the divine manifestations of the glory.
He said, 'Brandon, I'm going to provoke the world through you with financial blessing.
' Satan doesn't want to see the body of Christ blessed.
As they persecute you for the blessing, He said, 'I'm going to increase it even greater because they're persecuting the God inside of you.
' The thermostat is turning up.
Great favor is coming—an acceleration of favor that would normally take days of hard labor.
It's a God-possession; He is dwelling in you.
He said, 'I have streets paved with gold.
Rubies and diamonds are just my handiwork, and I've given them to the sons of men to enjoy.
' This wealth transfer and endowment of glory is here now.
Start tapping into it by practicing the presence of the Lord.
I saw a glorious church rising without spot or wrinkle, and days of great shaking are coming—a shaking to awakening.
When they can't stop it, they try to sink the economy or start rumors of war.
The next thing coming is a plague.
They will try to sink everything with a new plague worse than COVID.
I saw billions of people affected by this world pandemic.
The Lord sounded the alarm to the watchmen.
There's a financial crisis trying to sink the dollar.
I saw President Trump interceding in the White House, shocking the land back to life.
As people humble themselves and pray, He will heal our land.
I saw a glorious church with a 'honey glow'—the anointing of the Holy Spirit—laying hands on the sick and seeing them recover.
A mighty moving army, like in Tommy Hicks' vision, is rising to take the glory to the nations.
We're praying for the end of abortion and for the righteous to take authority over demonic spirits.
We are seated with Him in the heavenlies, far above principalities and powers.
You must prophesy and decree a thing from a higher level.
Whatever you bind on earth is bound in heaven.
Put on your armor.
It wasn't designed for retreat, but for taking dominion.
Joshua and Caleb weren't afraid of giants.
Who are the Davids who will take the land and not be intimidated by this uncircumcised Philistine?
We have dominion because we're God-inside minded.
It's going to take the new Reinhard Bonnkes, the new George Whitefields, the new William Seymours, and the John G.
Lakes to say, 'Satan, we're taking the land back for Jesus.
' We've never seen the wells of revival that are about to come on the I-35 corridor—uninterrupted glory.
The Devil himself has visited my house twice, and he is a defeated foe.
He could not stand against the blood or the glory.
We have the greater one inside of us.
It's time to get radical and not be cowards.
All you need is one glorious moment with the Lord to be forever changed.
Just a touch of the hem of His garment, like the woman with the issue of blood who was made whole.
Father, we thank You in the name of Jesus.
We take authority over our finances.
Angelic host, go out now and cause the money to come forth.
Satan, release our money!
Cease and desist your maneuvering against our finances.
We call for blessing, increase, and favor.
We take authority over poverty and lack.
The spirit of infirmity is broken off our lives.
The glory of the Lord rests on our countenance.
When we walk into a place of business, we have great favor.
Father, we take authority over the crypto market.
You showed me demonic spirits are influencing it.
We take back the land.
We pray for President Trump and a hedge of protection around him.
No weapon formed against him shall prosper.
We pray for JD Vance and Elon Musk for wisdom to turn this around so the wealth transfer manifests.
We pray for unsaved loved ones to have a Damascus Road experience.
We are the church without spot or wrinkle.
We thank You that people are delivered from homosexual spirits.
We pray for the man dealing with that; he is set free from perversion and filled with the Holy Ghost.
That reprobate mind is free from satanic bondage.
We believe for healing for everyone who shared a picture today.
We thank You for the covering over this nation.
As Zelensky met with the Antichrist, we look up for our redemption, but there is work to be done.
We are not moved by fear.
We're accelerating from glory to glory, like bamboo shooting up.
We acclimate and accelerate.
We thank You for spring and the spiritual climate change.
We pray for Elon Musk to have wisdom.
We believe for manifestations during Easter.
Judgment begins in the house of God, and there is a cleaning up in the church.
The new Davids are rising.
We believe for debt-free vehicles and houses.
If you're believing for an automobile, lay hold to it.
Every seed produces after its kind.
We claim those cars now.
God shows up and shows off.
It's time to eat the good of the land.
Plagues are coming, but we're not like Chicken Little; the sky is not falling.
We are radically filled with God.
Rejoice and be glad.
I enjoy this park and God's handiwork.
Thank You for healing and deliverance.
We're free by the blood.
Thank You for a divine turnaround in this nation.
We will not shrink back; we will walk in abundance.
God is ready to show the world He is real through you.
He is the God of the universe who dwells inside of you.
We pray this video blessed you.
Being a Christian should be fun, not like Pooh's friend Eeyore.
Stay on the victory side.
Like, subscribe, and click the bell.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you.
God bless you.